Queeny PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY
Effective Date: The earlier of 2023-01-05 or user acknowledgment.

Welcome to Queeny's Privacy and Cookie Policy ("Policy"). All references in this policy to "Queeny", "we", "us", or "our", refer to Queeny LLC, its parent companies, and its subsidiaries such as Queeny Canada Inc. This Policy explains how Queeny LLC processes and puts you in control of your Personal Information. At Queeny, "Personal Information" means any information that allows someone to identify, or reasonably link to, you directly or indirectly. When we describe "processing" of Personal Information, we mean how we collect, use, share, and retain Personal Information. This policy covers these activities across all of our properties ("Properties" or "Queeny Properties").

This policy covers the following Queeny Properties:

The Queeny applications and related features on the mobile platform.  
For processing of Personal Information of Queeny employees, contractors, and applicants, please click here to review our related processing practices.

Our Commitment to Privacy. As a global LGTBQ+ social networking application, the Queeny Properties allows you to share information about yourself with us, Queeny's service providers who help us provide our Properties, and other Queeny users, including your precise location and information that may be deemed "sensitive" or "special category" in certain jurisdictions such as ethnicity, sex life, sexual preferences, or your self-reported health information. Our goal is to put you in control of as much of the Personal Information that you share within the Queeny Properties as possible. We recommend you read this Privacy and Cookie Policy and our Terms and Conditions of Service carefully. To support our commitment to continued transparency, in addition to regular updates to this Policy, within the Queeny Services you will see occasional pop-up privacy notices meant to help you understand what you are participating in when you choose to use certain features or services.    

Queeny LLC is a India.-based Company. By using the Queeny Properties, you are transmitting information to Queeny in the India and its service providers (in the India and other third countries). If you are a resident of another country, note that the India and other third countries may not afford the same privacy protections as your country of residence.

Permissible Age. The Queeny Properties are intended only for users who are legal adults, generally eighteen (18) years of age and older. If you are aware that a child or minor has submitted Personal Information on the Queeny Properties, please contact us by either using the in-app reporting tool (click here for more information) or by submitting a request outside of your Queeny account by clicking here, so that we can take appropriate action.

California Residents. Please see Your California Privacy Rights to learn about the specific rights you are afforded under California privacy laws.

PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you use the Queeny Properties, we collect Personal Information about you, the majority of which you choose to provide. We may collect data about your interactions, use, and experiences with our Properties and receive information from third-parties.

Personal Information You Are Required to Provide. When you set up an account, we require that you provide limited Personal Information such as email or phone number and date of birth to validate that you are an adult.
Personal Information You Have the Option to Provide. You have a choice about what Personal Information you provide as part of your public profile ("Queeny Profile"). Personal Information which you include in your Queeny Profile is referred to as your "Profile Information" which is shared with other users of the Queeny Services (the "Queeny Community"). For example, you may choose to share location, HIV status, vaccination status, photos and videos. Note, however, that failing to provide certain information may impact the functionality of certain Queeny Services. You may also optionally provide Personal Information to us for feedback and customer support services or when you agree to participate in surveys. Such data varies from survey to survey.
A note on location information. We may collect your precise location ("Location") to determine your distance from other users ("Distance Information"). Sophisticated users who use the Queeny Services in an unauthorized manner, or other users who change their location while you remain in the same location, may use Distance Information to determine your exact location and may be able to determine your identity. You may choose to hide your Distance Information; however, the Queeny Services will continue to sort and display your profile based on your relative distance from other users. Accordingly, even if you choose to hide your Distance Information, others may nevertheless be able to determine your Location. You may revoke this permission and disable the location services on your device on an iPhone by going to Settings> Privacy> Location Services> Queeny; on an Android device by going to Settings> Location> Queeny> Permissions> Location; and on Queeny Web by adjusting your browser settings.
Personal Information We Receive From Your Device When You Use The Queeny Properties. To maintain and improve the Queeny Properties, we collect Personal Information such as user activity, hardware and software information, cookies, and leverage other technologies such as web beacons, software development kits (SDKs), local storage, and log files.
Personal Information We Receive From Third-Parties. Queeny collects limited information from third-parties. For example, we may collect Personal Information from payment processors, app usage and website tracking information partners, authentication partners (e.g., Google and Facebook), machine learning partners, and our consent management platform provider.
WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The main reason we use your Personal Information is to enable the Queeny Properties, such as providing you with core features of the Services, providing you with support, and supporting platform safety. We only process your Personal Information in accordance with specific purposes and legal bases where required.

In general, we use your Personal Information to:

Provide you with the Services associated with your Queeny account.
Answer your inquiries and provide you with support.
Improve our Properties and support user safety within the Services (including machine learning and automated decision-making).
Protect our interests as a company.
Allow you to enjoy certain Service and Property features (including machine learning and automated decision making - click here for more information).
Allow third-party ad / marketing partners to use cookies and other technologies for the purposes of serving ads to free users of the Services.
Conduct surveys or obtain your voluntary feedback about our Properties.
Respond to legal requests from law enforcement agencies, regulators, and other third-parties to comply with "Legal Obligations" (as defined below).
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
To enable you to make meaningful connections, Queeny allows you to share information about yourself with the Queeny Community and third-parties in connection with our providing you with the Queeny Properties as described in this Policy. In general, we share your Personal Information in the following ways:

The Queeny Community. The Queeny Services are intended to be a safe space where you can discover, navigate, and interact with others in the Queeny Community. As part of the Services, Queeny enables you to share your Profile Information, location, and other information with the Queeny Community.
Third-Party Partners. Queeny shares Personal Information with a number of third-party partners to bring you the Queeny Properties, such as Service Providers (e.g., Sift for fraud prevention and PartnerHero for customer support), Ad / Marketing Partners help facilitate advertising experiences (e.g., AppLovin), and Other Partners that support the Queeny Properties and with whom you may provide Personal Information to directly (e.g., Apple for chat back up and Stripe for payment processing). For the avoidance of doubt, Queeny only shares HIV status, Last Tested Date, and vaccination status with necessary Service Providers such as companies that host data on our behalf (i.e., Amazon Web Services) or help in processing data access requests you initiate ( i.e., PartnerHero) - we do not share this information with any advertising companies. 
Business Transactions. If another company acquires, or plans to acquire, our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the Personal Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Policy.
Legal Obligations. We may access, preserve and disclose Personal Information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) enforcement of the Queeny Terms and Conditions of Service; (ii) claims that any content or behavior violates our policies or the rights of third-parties; (iii) requests for customer service; (iv) technical issues; (v) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Queeny, its users or the public; (vi) lawful legal requests including subpoenas, warrants, or court orders or in connection with any legal process; (vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; (viii) tax and accounting purposes; or (ix) as otherwise required by law, collectively "Legal Obligations".
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We retain your Personal Information for no longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected or as otherwise permitted or pursuant to Legal Obligations or pursuant to the Queeny Terms and Conditions of Service and/or the Queeny Community Guidelines. We also retain a device identifier (i.e., IDFV and Android ID) and limited log information for up to a period of two years following account deletion to support internal reporting, metrics and statistics. Personal Information may be retained for longer periods of time if required for legal or security purposes. For example, Queeny may retain some account information, a device identifier (i.e., IDFV and Android ID), and limited log information for accounts that have been banned or that violate the Queeny Terms and Conditions of Service and/or Queeny Community Guidelines. In some circumstances, Queeny may also retain chat messages used for reporting violative behavior resulting in an account's ban. 

Server-side and Local Storage: Queeny is transitioning to the storage of chat messages on its servers to support the use of the Queeny Services including enhanced safety features and an improved user experience across multiple platforms and devices, which will result in a longer retention in compliance with our data retention policy. However, chat messages, including images and recordings, may still be retained locally on user devices and may still be retained on the recipient's device even after the information is no longer available on Queeny's servers.

YOUR CHOICES AND RIGHTS
Where your jurisdiction's law allows, you can make the following choices and exercise your rights regarding your Personal Information held by Queeny:

Correct Profile Information. By creating an account, you are providing us your Personal Information for your Queeny Profile. You can review and change your Profile Information at any time by accessing the "Edit Profile" section of the Queeny Services.
Delete Account and Related Information. You may delete your account and related Profile Information at any time. After deletion, your Personal Information will be deleted from Queeny's systems in accordance with this Policy. There are circumstances where some or all of your information may be retained after your request (such as for Legal Obligations, moderation review, dispute resolution, and other matters in accordance with this Policy). For more information on how to delete your account, click here.
Promotional Emails. You may choose to allow us to use your email address to send free newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to Queeny and/or the Queeny Properties, as well as targeted offers from third-parties. You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in emails that you receive. If you unsubscribe from receiving such promotional emails, we may still send you service-related communications, and our applications will continue to deliver you in-app messages.
Behavioral Advertising On Websites, Third-Party Platforms, and the Queeny Services. You can opt-out of the sharing of your Personal Information (or the "sale" of your Personal Information as the practice may be referred to in some jurisdictions) with our Ad / Marketing Partners. Please note that opting-out of behavioral advertising does not mean that you will not receive advertising while using the free version of Queeny Services. It will, however, exclude you from interest-based advertising as provided by the applicable choice mechanisms.
Third-Party Tracking. You may opt-out of Google Analytics' collection and use of your Personal Information on the Queeny Site by following the instructions here to download an opt-out browser add-on.
Access & Portability. You may request that we provide you with information about our processing of your Personal Information and provide you with a machine-readable copy of your Personal Information. We may not be able to provide some elements of information if that information would also reveal Personal Information about another person or if we are legally prevented from disclosing such information. For more information on how to download your Personal Information from Queeny, click here. If you have questions regarding your Access & Portability output, reach out to us here.
Restrict Processing. Under certain circumstances, you may limit the way we process your Personal Information (e.g., through controls provided by your device's operating system, like "Location" (defined below) access, Location granularity, and opt-ing out of the use of your Ad ID for behavioral advertising).
Withdraw Consent. You may withdraw consent that you have previously given us at any time. Revocation of your consent will only apply to future processing activities and will not apply retroactively. To learn more about the processing activities where Queeny relies on your consent, refer to our Legal Bases. 
Object to Processing. You may object to us relying on our legitimate interests as the reason for why we process your Personal Information.
Non-Discrimination. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination.
You can visit our Privacy Help Center to learn more about our features that support your privacy and choices. To exercise your choice and rights or to make a request outside of your Queeny account, click here. Statistics pertaining to Queeny's processing of access, erasure and opt-out requests can be found here.

HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
At Queeny, we take the privacy and security of your Personal Information, including information considered sensitive, seriously. Our cybersecurity team actively works to maintain the integrity, confidentiality and availability of the Queeny Properties and our policies and protocols are focused on protecting your Personal and sensitive Personal Information. We consistently strive to improve our defenses in the ongoing battle against threat actors. That said, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure, and Queeny cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information. Our security, safety, and privacy features are provided on an "as-is" basis. As such, their effectiveness and error-free operation cannot be guaranteed, and we cannot ensure absolute confidentiality, anonymity, or personal safety. Individuals who have specific concerns about how their data may be protected are advised not to use the Properties. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of any unauthorized access to your Personal Information, we may notify you electronically or in writing in accordance with applicable law.

HOW TO CONTACT US OR FILE COMPLAINTS
Contact Information. Queeny welcomes your comments, questions, or complaints regarding this Privacy and Cookie Policy, our use of your Personal Information, or our response to your requests regarding your Personal Information. Please contact us by email at Queeny.meet@gmail.com 
 
